README.md, before:

# FS22_DroneDelivery v1.0.0.1

![Dronehub and drone](https://i.gyazo.com/dd3a2d1816c42f4ad8b103fe8c877423.jpg)

## Description

This is a mod for Farming Simulator 22, which provides a placeable dronehub, drone and a pickup/delivery placeable. 

## Features

One can place a dronehub and pickup/delivery placeable from the construction menu. 
Drone can be found from the store vehicle category.

Drone can be lifted onto a dronehub and linked up, where player can the access a special hub menu from which one can configure the drone route, from where to pickup and what to pickup and where to delivery.
Drone can lift all types of pallets, bales and bigbags.

This mod includes the set of scripts that enable fly pathfinding (https://github.com/DennisB97/FS22FlyPathfinding).

## Installation

Drop the zipped file into your FS22 mods folder as usual (Documents/My Games/FarmingSimulator2022/mods).

## Changelog

1.0.0.1 
- Fixed my mod causing images and icons being bugged in the map.
- Added ru GUI translation by nagor
  
1.0.0.0 initial release.

Commit message:

Fixed issue with hardcoded mod name and rotors now spin somewhat even when FPS is around 30.

README.md, after:

# FS22_DroneDelivery v1.0.0.1

![Dronehub and drone](https://i.gyazo.com/dd3a2d1816c42f4ad8b103fe8c877423.jpg)

## Description

This is a mod for Farming Simulator 22, which provides a placeable dronehub, drone and a pickup/delivery placeable. 

## Features

One can place a dronehub and pickup/delivery placeable from the construction menu. 
Drone can be found from the store vehicle category.

Drone can be lifted onto a dronehub and linked up, where player can the access a special hub menu from which one can configure the drone route, from where to pickup and what to pickup and where to delivery.
Drone can lift all types of pallets, bales and bigbags.

This mod includes the set of scripts that enable fly pathfinding (https://github.com/DennisB97/FS22FlyPathfinding).

## Installation

Drop the zipped file into your FS22 mods folder as usual (Documents/My Games/FarmingSimulator2022/mods).

## Changelog

1.0.0.1 
- Fixed my mod causing images and icons being bugged in the map.
- Added ru GUI translation by nagor
- Rotors now spin somewhat even when FPS is in the 30s.
  
1.0.0.0 initial release.
